=head1 NAME

todo.pl - Yet another simple text-based TODO script

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    todo.pl <command> [ID|filter]

        Commands:
            add     <String>    - Add a new TODO.
            delete  <ID>        - Mark an existing TODO as deleted - not as completed.
            do      <ID>        - Mark an existing TODO as completed.
            done    <String>    - Add a new TODO and immediately mark it as completed (add + do).
            ls      [String]    - Print list of TODOs, optionally matching filter string.
            help                - Print help text.

        Example:
            # Add a new TODO to the file.
            todo.pl add Pick up bananas on way home.

            # List all outstanding TODOs.
            todo.pl ls

            # List all outstanding TODOs containing the string Monday.
            todo.pl ls Monday

            # Mark a TODO as completed.
            todo.pl do 4a8a

            # Add a new, completed TODO.
            todo.pl done Cancel car insurance.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

todo.pl is a simple (core modules only) perl script for maintaining a todo.txt
file. It offers a few commands to add lines, and to mark those lines as deleted
or completed.

The text file is in the following format:

    Status:ID:Creation date:Update date:Task string

With each task being on a single line.

The status codes currently are:

    T - TODO, not completed.
    C - Completed.
    D - Deleted without being completed.

This script is now working, though with some rough edges. It's possible that
running it multiple times concurrently can lose data, as the last writer wins.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item * B<todo.txt> by Gina Trapani, L<http://todotxt.com/>

B<todo.txt> was the main inspiration for B<todo.pl>, and I used it for a couple of
years. However, there were a couple of things that I couldn't get behaving as I
wanted, and bash scripting isn't a strong point of mine. B<todo.pl> has a subset
of the functionality of B<todo.txt>, but it's the subset I used or wanted.

=item * B<t-> by Colin Wright, L<http://www.penzba.co.uk/t-/>

B<t-> was my inspiration for actually writing my own script. It is a tiny
python script offering the minimum functionlity that the author needed. I have
never used it, but read the source and figured I could write something as
simple in Perl which did exactly what I wanted.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Webb L<github@d5ve.com>

=head1 LICENSE

todo.pl is free software. It comes without any warranty, to the extent permitted
by applicable law.

todo.pl is released under the I<WTFPL Version 2.0> license - L<http://sam.zoy.org/wtfpl/COPYING>

=cut
